<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN"
          "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:dactyl="http://vimperator.org/namespaces/liberator" class="hl-Help"><head><link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="help.css" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"/><title>Pentadactyl FAQ</title><script type="text/javascript" src="help.js"></script></head><body class="hl-HelpBody" document-tags=" faq-general faq-fork faq-differences faq-statussymbols faq-lasttab faq-regexpsearch faq-autocomplete faq-editor-fork faq-symlinks faq-open faq-urlsep faq-hidden-engines faq-keys faq-website-keys faq-passkeys-autocmd faq-hints faq-hintkeys faq-hintkeys-uppercase faq-hint-hidetext "><div class="hl-HelpTags"><a id="faq.xml" class="hl-HelpTag">faq.xml</a></div><h1 style="margin-top: 0;">Frequently Asked Questions</h1>
            <p>
                Below is a list of some of the commonest questions that come to
                our attention, along with their hopefully satisfactory answers.
                Please take a minute to search for your answers here before
                asking the <a href="http://groups.google.com/group/pentadactyl" rel="external" topic="http://groups.google.com/group/pentadactyl">mailing list</a> or
                <a href="irc://irc.oftc.net/#pentadactyl" rel="external" topic="irc://irc.oftc.net/#pentadactyl">irc channel</a>,
                and don't forget to peruse the
                <a href="http://code.google.com/p/dactyl/source/browse/pentadactyl/NEWS" rel="external" topic="http://code.google.com/p/dactyl/source/browse/pentadactyl/NEWS">NEWS file</a> for recent
                changes that might throw you off balance.
            </p>

            <div class="hl-HelpTOC"><h2>Contents</h2><ol level="2" class="hl-HelpOrderedList"><li><a href="dactyl://help/faq#faq-general">General</a><ol level="3" class="hl-HelpOrderedList"><li><a href="dactyl://help/faq#faq-fork">Why did Pentadactyl split from Vimperator?</a></li><li><a href="dactyl://help/faq#faq-differences">What differentiates Pentadactyl from Vimperator?</a></li><li><a href="dactyl://help/faq#faq-statussymbols">What do the "[-+♥]" symbols in the status bar mean?</a></li><li><a href="dactyl://help/faq#faq-lasttab">How can I prevent <span class="hl-HelpKey"><a style="color: inherit;" href="tabs.xhtml#d">d</a></span> on the last tab from closing the window?</a></li><li><a href="dactyl://help/faq#faq-regexpsearch">How can I use regular expressions in the page search?</a></li><li><a href="dactyl://help/faq#faq-autocomplete">How can I prevent the command line completion list showing until I press <span class="hl-HelpKey"><a style="color: inherit;" href="buffer.xhtml#%3CTab%3E">&lt;Tab&gt;</a></span>?</a></li><li><a href="dactyl://help/faq#faq-editor-fork">Why doesn't external input field editing work with my <span class="hl-HelpOpt"><a style="color: inherit;" href="options.xhtml#%27editor%27">'editor'</a></span> setting?</a></li><li><a href="dactyl://help/faq#faq-symlinks">Why can't I build/install from the Mercurial repository on Windows®?</a></li></ol></li><li><a href="dactyl://help/faq#faq-open"><span class="hl-HelpEx"><a href="browsing.xhtml#:open" style="color: inherit;">:open</a></span> behavior</a><ol level="3" class="hl-HelpOrderedList"><li><a href="dactyl://help/faq#faq-urlsep">Why can't I separate URLs in <span class="hl-HelpEx"><a href="browsing.xhtml#:open" style="color: inherit;">:open</a></span> with a comma anymore?</a></li><li><a href="dactyl://help/faq#faq-hidden-engines">
                
                <span class="hl-HelpEx"><a href="browsing.xhtml#:open" style="color: inherit;">:open <span class="hl-HelpArg">{search-string}</span></a></span> or <span class="hl-HelpEx"><a href="browsing.xhtml#:open" style="color: inherit;">:open <span class="hl-HelpString" delim="">google</span> <span class="hl-HelpArg">{search-string}</span></a></span>
                results in <span class="hl-HelpString">The url is not valid and cannot be loaded</span>
            </a></li></ol></li><li><a href="dactyl://help/faq#faq-keys">Key bindings</a><ol level="3" class="hl-HelpOrderedList"><li><a href="dactyl://help/faq#faq-website-keys">How can I use the native key bindings of sites like Gmail?</a></li><li><a href="dactyl://help/faq#faq-passkeys-autocmd">Why doesn't my modes.passAllKeys autocmd work anymore?</a></li></ol></li><li><a href="dactyl://help/faq#faq-hints">Hints</a><ol level="3" class="hl-HelpOrderedList"><li><a href="dactyl://help/faq#faq-hintkeys">How can I use keys other than numbers for hinting?</a></li><li><a href="dactyl://help/faq#faq-hintkeys-uppercase">How can I display my hints in upper case but type them in lower case?</a></li><li><a href="dactyl://help/faq#faq-hint-hidetext">How can I hide the hint text for input and image hints?</a></li></ol></li></ol></div>

            <h2><div class="hl-HelpTags"><a id="faq-general" class="hl-HelpTag">faq-general</a></div>General</h2>
            <h3><div class="hl-HelpTags"><a id="faq-fork" class="hl-HelpTag">faq-fork</a></div>Why did Pentadactyl split from Vimperator?</h3>
            <p>
                The reasons for the fork were mostly political, but mostly
                boil down to the fact that the current maintainer, while
                making no substantial contributions to the project for several
                years, continues to exercise full editorial control while
                actively soliciting donations with no transparency whatever.
                We considered the latter especially a slight on both our
                developers and our users, and after a considerable escalation
                of the degree of offense felt compelled to leave the project.
            </p>
            <p>
                However, though we could no longer justify supporting the
                Vimperator project, we've invested considerable time and
                energy into the code over these past several years and still
                use and care about it. For that reason, we've decided to
                publicly release our personal changes and continue to develop
                the extension under a different name.
            </p>

            <h3><div class="hl-HelpTags"><a id="faq-differences" class="hl-HelpTag">faq-differences</a></div>What differentiates Pentadactyl from Vimperator?</h3>
            <p>
                The main difference is that Vimperator's most active
                developers have moved on to Pentadactyl. More qualitative
                changes may be found in the
                <a href="http://code.google.com/p/dactyl/source/browse/pentadactyl/NEWS" rel="external" topic="http://code.google.com/p/dactyl/source/browse/pentadactyl/NEWS">change log</a>,
                but essentially add up to what we consider more active and
                thoughtful development. Among the most visible differences, as
                of Pentadactyl 1.0, are more extensive Firefox 4 support,
                significantly better startup time and completion performance,
                considerably better :sanitize and private mode support, a
                greatly improved incremental find implementation, major
                improvements in Ex command parsing (including the ability to
                separate commands with | and split long commands across lines),
                conditionals (<span class="hl-HelpEx"><a href="eval.xhtml#:if" style="color: inherit;">:if</a></span>/<span class="hl-HelpEx"><a href="eval.xhtml#:else" style="color: inherit;">:else</a></span>) in configuration
                files, greatly updated documentation, and a number of bug fixes.
            </p>

            <h3><div class="hl-HelpTags"><a id="faq-statussymbols" class="hl-HelpTag">faq-statussymbols</a></div>What do the "[-+♥]" symbols in the status bar mean?</h3>
            <p>
                These indicate that you can move backward through history,
                that you can move forward through history, and that the page
                is bookmarked, respectively. See also <span class="hl-HelpEx"><a href="various.xhtml#:help" style="color: inherit;">:help</a></span>
                <span class="hl-HelpTopic"><a style="color: inherit;" href="gui.xhtml#status-line">status-line</a></span>.
            </p>

            <h3><div class="hl-HelpTags"><a id="faq-lasttab" class="hl-HelpTag">faq-lasttab</a></div>How can I prevent <span class="hl-HelpKey"><a style="color: inherit;" href="tabs.xhtml#d">d</a></span> on the last tab from closing the window?</h3>
            <p><span class="hl-HelpEx"><a href="options.xhtml#:set" style="color: inherit;">:set!</a></span> <span class="hl-HelpOpt" key="HelpOpt">browser.tabs.closeWindowWithLastTab</span>=<span class="hl-Boolean" key="Boolean">false</span></p>

            <h3><div class="hl-HelpTags"><a id="faq-regexpsearch" class="hl-HelpTag">faq-regexpsearch</a></div>How can I use regular expressions in the page search?</h3>
            <p>
                Regular expression search is possible with the <tt>/Find Bar/</tt>
                extension installed, in which case it can be toggled with the
                <em>\r</em> and <em>\R</em> search flags. See also
                <span class="hl-HelpEx"><a href="various.xhtml#:help" style="color: inherit;">:help</a></span> <span class="hl-HelpTopic"><a style="color: inherit;" href="pattern.xhtml">pattern</a></span>.
            </p>

            <h3><div class="hl-HelpTags"><a id="faq-autocomplete" class="hl-HelpTag">faq-autocomplete</a></div>How can I prevent the command line completion list showing until I press <span class="hl-HelpKey"><a style="color: inherit;" href="buffer.xhtml#%3CTab%3E">&lt;Tab&gt;</a></span>?</h3>
            <p>
                You can disable it entirely with <span class="hl-HelpEx"><a href="options.xhtml#:set" style="color: inherit;">:set autocomplete=</a></span>
                or for specific types of command completion by
                choosing more restrictive values. See <span class="hl-HelpEx"><a href="various.xhtml#:help" style="color: inherit;">:help</a></span>
                <span class="hl-HelpOpt"><a style="color: inherit;" href="options.xhtml#%27autocomplete%27">'autocomplete'</a></span> and <span class="hl-HelpOpt"><a style="color: inherit;" href="options.xhtml#%27wildmode%27">'wildmode'</a></span>.
            </p>

            <h3><div class="hl-HelpTags"><a id="faq-editor-fork" class="hl-HelpTag">faq-editor-fork</a></div>Why doesn't external input field editing work with my <span class="hl-HelpOpt"><a style="color: inherit;" href="options.xhtml#%27editor%27">'editor'</a></span> setting?</h3>
            <p>
                Unfortunately, external editors which return immediately,
                before editing is complete, are not supported. This means that
                gvim, for instance, must be run with the <em>-f</em> flag, and
                editors run from a terminal must not connect to a remote
                process. In the case of Rxvt-unicode, this means that the
                urxvtc program is not an option, and Gnome Terminal is very
                likely not useable under any circumstances.
            </p>
            <p style="clear: both;"><div style="clear: both;"></div><span class="hl-HelpNote">Note:</span> 
                If you are using a version of Firefox newer than 4.0
                beta 7 and a version of Pentadactyl less than 1.0
                βeta 4, you'll need to upgrade the latter.
            </p>

            <h3><div class="hl-HelpTags"><a id="faq-symlinks" class="hl-HelpTag">faq-symlinks</a></div>Why can't I build/install from the Mercurial repository on Windows®?</h3>
            <p>
                We use symbolic links in our repository to deal with certain
                files which are common across projects. Mercurial for
                Windows®, unfortunately, doesn't deal with these very well.
                However, adding the following lines to the <tt>.hg\hgrc</tt>
                file in your repository should make things work:
            </p>
            <pre class="hl-HelpCode"><span class="hl-Key" key="Key">[hooks]</span>
update = <span class="hl-HelpString" delim="">python:common/contrib/fix_symlinks.py:fix_symlinks</span>
preupdate = <span class="hl-HelpString" delim="">python:common/contrib/fix_symlinks.py:fix_symlinks</span>
commit = <span class="hl-HelpString" delim="">python:common/contrib/fix_symlinks.py:fix_symlinks</span>
precommit = <span class="hl-HelpString" delim="">python:common/contrib/fix_symlinks.py:fix_symlinks</span></pre>

            <h2><div class="hl-HelpTags"><a id="faq-open" class="hl-HelpTag">faq-open</a></div><span class="hl-HelpEx"><a href="browsing.xhtml#:open" style="color: inherit;">:open</a></span> behavior</h2>
            <h3><div class="hl-HelpTags"><a id="faq-urlsep" class="hl-HelpTag">faq-urlsep</a></div>Why can't I separate URLs in <span class="hl-HelpEx"><a href="browsing.xhtml#:open" style="color: inherit;">:open</a></span> with a comma anymore?</h3>
            <p>See <span class="hl-HelpEx"><a href="various.xhtml#:help" style="color: inherit;">:help <span class="hl-HelpOpt"><a style="color: inherit;" href="options.xhtml#%27urlseparator%27">'urlseparator'</a></span></a></span></p>

            <h3><div class="hl-HelpTags"><a id="faq-hidden-engines" class="hl-HelpTag">faq-hidden-engines</a></div>
                <div style="clear: both"></div>
                <span class="hl-HelpEx"><a href="browsing.xhtml#:open" style="color: inherit;">:open <span class="hl-HelpArg">{search-string}</span></a></span> or <span class="hl-HelpEx"><a href="browsing.xhtml#:open" style="color: inherit;">:open <span class="hl-HelpString" delim="">google</span> <span class="hl-HelpArg">{search-string}</span></a></span>
                results in <span class="hl-HelpString">The url is not valid and cannot be loaded</span>
            </h3>
            <p>
                You need a valid search engine name in the <span class="hl-HelpOpt"><a style="color: inherit;" href="options.xhtml#%27defsearch%27">'defsearch'</a></span>
                option. If it's stopped working suddenly, there's a good chance
                that you've either deleted a search engine or changed its alias.
                You can check by invoking

                <pre class="hl-HelpCode"><span class="hl-HelpEx"><a href="gui.xhtml#:dialog" style="color: inherit;">:dialog <span class="hl-HelpString" delim="">searchengines</span></a></span></pre>

                There also appears to be a Firefox bug whereby the default
                engines are hidden after an update. This can be remedied by
                invoking

                <pre class="hl-HelpCode" style="position: relative"><span class="hl-HelpEx"><a href="eval.xhtml#:js" style="color: inherit;">:js</a></span> services.get(<span class="hl-HelpString">browserSearch</span>).getEngines().forEach(<em>function</em> (e) e.hidden = <span class="hl-Boolean" key="Boolean">false</span>)</pre>
            </p>

            <h2><div class="hl-HelpTags"><a id="faq-keys" class="hl-HelpTag">faq-keys</a></div>Key bindings</h2>
            <h3><div class="hl-HelpTags"><a id="faq-website-keys" class="hl-HelpTag">faq-website-keys</a></div>How can I use the native key bindings of sites like Gmail?</h3>
            <p>
                See the <span class="hl-HelpOpt"><a style="color: inherit;" href="options.xhtml#%27passkeys%27">'passkeys'</a></span> option to automatically pass specific
                keys on sites of your choosing, or <span class="hl-HelpTopic"><a style="color: inherit;" href="autocommands.xhtml#autocmd-examples">autocmd-examples</a></span> to
                automatically enter <em>Pass Through</em> mode for certain websites.
            </p>

            <h3><div class="hl-HelpTags"><a id="faq-passkeys-autocmd" class="hl-HelpTag">faq-passkeys-autocmd</a></div>Why doesn't my modes.passAllKeys autocmd work anymore?</h3>
            <p>See <span class="hl-HelpTopic"><a style="color: inherit;" href="dactyl://help/faq#faq-website-keys">faq-website-keys</a></span> above.</p>

            <h2><div class="hl-HelpTags"><a id="faq-hints" class="hl-HelpTag">faq-hints</a></div>Hints</h2>
            <h3><div class="hl-HelpTags"><a id="faq-hintkeys" class="hl-HelpTag">faq-hintkeys</a></div>How can I use keys other than numbers for hinting?</h3>
            <p>Use the <span class="hl-HelpOpt"><a style="color: inherit;" href="options.xhtml#%27hintkeys%27">'hintkeys'</a></span> option.</p>

            <h3><div class="hl-HelpTags"><a id="faq-hintkeys-uppercase" class="hl-HelpTag">faq-hintkeys-uppercase</a></div>How can I display my hints in upper case but type them in lower case?</h3>
            <p>
                If you use alphabetic characters for your <span class="hl-HelpOpt"><a style="color: inherit;" href="options.xhtml#%27hintkeys%27">'hintkeys'</a></span> and
                would like to be able to type them in lower case but still have
                the hints displayed in upper case, use:
            </p>
            <pre class="hl-HelpCode"><span class="hl-HelpEx"><a href="styling.xhtml#:highlight" style="color: inherit;">:highlight</a></span> <em>-a</em> Hint <span class="hl-Key" key="Key">text-transform</span>: <span class="hl-HelpString" delim="">uppercase</span>;</pre>

            <h3><div class="hl-HelpTags"><a id="faq-hint-hidetext" class="hl-HelpTag">faq-hint-hidetext</a></div>How can I hide the hint text for input and image hints?</h3>
            <p>
                If you'd only like to show the numbered portion of hints, you
                can do so with:
            </p>
            <pre class="hl-HelpCode"><span class="hl-HelpEx"><a href="styling.xhtml#:highlight" style="color: inherit;">:highlight</a></span> Hint<span class="hl-HelpString" delim="">::after</span> <span class="hl-Key" key="Key">content</span>: attr(<span class="hl-HelpString" delim="">number</span>) <span class="hl-Key" key="Key">!important</span>;</pre>

</body></html>