<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN"
          "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:dactyl="http://vimperator.org/namespaces/liberator" class="hl-Help"><head><link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="help.css" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"/><title>Pentadactyl Privacy</title><script type="text/javascript" src="help.js"></script></head><body class="hl-HelpBody" document-tags=" privacy private-mode porn-mode sanitizing clearing-data :sa :sanitize cookie-settings :cookies :ck "><div class="hl-HelpTags"><a id="privacy.xml" class="hl-HelpTag">privacy.xml</a></div><h1><div class="hl-HelpTags"><a id="privacy" class="hl-HelpTag">privacy</a></div>Privacy and sensitive information</h1>
<div class="hl-HelpTOC"><h2>Contents</h2><ol level="2" class="hl-HelpOrderedList"><li><a href="dactyl://help/privacy#private-mode">Private browsing</a></li><li><a href="dactyl://help/privacy#sanitizing">Clearing private data</a></li><li><a href="dactyl://help/privacy#cookie-settings">Cookie settings</a></li></ol></div>

<p>
    Part of Pentadactyl's user efficiency comes at the cost of storing a
    lot of potentially private data, including <span class="hl-HelpTopic"><a style="color: inherit;" href="cmdline.xhtml#command-line">command-line</a></span> history, page
    marks, visited page history, and the like. Because we know that keeping a
    detailed trail of all of your activities isn't always welcome,
    Pentadactyl provides comprehensive facilities for erasing potentially
    sensitive data.
</p>

<h2><div class="hl-HelpTags"><a id="private-mode" class="hl-HelpTag">private-mode</a><a id="porn-mode" class="hl-HelpTag">porn-mode</a></div>Private browsing</h2>

<p>
    Pentadactyl fully supports Firefox's private browsing mode.
    When in private browsing mode, no data other than Bookmarks and QuickMarks
    are written to disk. Further, upon exiting private mode, all newly
    accumulated data, including <span class="hl-HelpTopic"><a style="color: inherit;" href="cmdline.xhtml#command-line">command-line</a></span> history, local and URL
    marks, and macros, are purged from memory. For more information, see
    <span class="hl-HelpOpt"><a style="color: inherit;" href="options.xhtml#%27private%27">'private'</a></span>.
</p>

<h2><div class="hl-HelpTags"><a id="sanitizing" class="hl-HelpTag">sanitizing</a><a id="clearing-data" class="hl-HelpTag">clearing-data</a></div>Clearing private data</h2>

<p>
    In addition to private mode, Pentadactyl provides a comprehensive
    facility for clearing any potentially sensitive data generated by either
    Pentadactyl or Firefox. It directly integrates with
    Firefox's own sanitization facility, and so automatically clears any
    domain data and session history when requested. Further, Pentadactyl
    provides its own more granular sanitization facility, which allows, e.g.,
    clearing only the command-line and macro history for the past ten minutes.
</p>

<div class="hl-HelpItem"><div style="clear: right"></div><div class="hl-HelpTags"><a id=":sa" class="hl-HelpTag">:sa</a><a id=":sanitize" class="hl-HelpTag">:sanitize</a></div><div class="hl-HelpSpec">:sa<span class="hl-HelpOptionalArg">[nitize]</span> <span class="hl-HelpOptionalArg">[-host=<span class="hl-HelpArg">{host}</span>]</span> <span class="hl-HelpOptionalArg">[-older]</span> <span class="hl-HelpOptionalArg">[-timespan=<span class="hl-HelpArg">{timespan}</span>]</span> <span class="hl-HelpArg">{item}</span> …</div><div class="hl-HelpSpec">:sa<span class="hl-HelpOptionalArg">[nitize]</span>! <span class="hl-HelpOptionalArg">[-host=<span class="hl-HelpArg">{host}</span>]</span> <span class="hl-HelpOptionalArg">[-older]</span> <span class="hl-HelpOptionalArg">[-timespan=<span class="hl-HelpArg">{timespan}</span>]</span></div><hr style="border: 0; height: 0; margin: 0; width: 100%; float: right;" /><div class="hl-HelpDescription">
        <p>
            Clear private data items for <span class="hl-HelpArg">{timespan}</span>, where <span class="hl-HelpArg">{item}</span> …
            is a list of private items to delete. If <span class="hl-HelpOptionalArg">[!]</span> is specified,
            then <span class="hl-HelpOpt"><a style="color: inherit;" href="options.xhtml#%27sanitizeitems%27">'sanitizeitems'</a></span> is used for the list of items to delete.
            Items may be any of:
        </p>

        <dl><column style=""></column><column style=""></column><tr><dt>all         </dt><dd>All items</dd></tr><tr><dt>cache       </dt><dd>Cache</dd></tr><tr><dt>commandline </dt><dd>Command-line history</dd></tr><tr><dt>cookies     </dt><dd>Cookies</dd></tr><tr><dt>downloads   </dt><dd>Download history</dd></tr><tr><dt>formdata    </dt><dd>Saved form and search history</dd></tr><tr><dt>history     </dt><dd>Browsing history</dd></tr><tr><dt>host        </dt><dd>All data from the given host</dd></tr><tr><dt>marks       </dt><dd>Local and URL marks</dd></tr><tr><dt>macros      </dt><dd>Saved macros</dd></tr><tr><dt>messages    </dt><dd>Saved <span class="hl-HelpEx"><a href="message.xhtml#:messages" style="color: inherit;">:messages</a></span></dd></tr><tr><dt>offlineapps </dt><dd>Offline website data</dd></tr><tr><dt>options     </dt><dd>Options containing hostname data</dd></tr><tr><dt>passwords   </dt><dd>Saved passwords</dd></tr><tr><dt>sessions    </dt><dd>Authenticated sessions</dd></tr><tr><dt>sitesettings</dt><dd>Site preferences</dd></tr></dl>

        <p>
            When <em>history</em> items are sanitized, all command-line
            history items containing URLs or page titles (other than bookmark
            commands) are additionally cleared. Invocations of the
            <em>:sanitize</em> command are included in this set.
        </p>

        <p>
            If <span class="hl-HelpArg">{timespan}</span> (short name <em>-t</em>) is specified, only
            items within that timespan are deleted, otherwise the value of
            <span class="hl-HelpOpt"><a style="color: inherit;" href="options.xhtml#%27sanitizetimespan%27">'sanitizetimespan'</a></span> is used.  If <span class="hl-HelpOptionalArg">[-older]</span> (short name
            <em>-o</em>) is specified, then only items older than
            <span class="hl-HelpArg">{timespan}</span> are deleted.
        </p>

        <p style="clear: both;"><div style="clear: both;"></div><span class="hl-HelpNote">Note:</span> 
            The following items are always cleared entirely, regardless of
            <span class="hl-HelpArg">{timespan}</span>: <em>cache</em>, <em>host</em>, <em>offlineapps</em>,
            <em>passwords</em>, <em>sessions</em>, <em>sitesettings</em>.
            Conversely, <em>host</em> and <em>options</em> are never cleared
            unless a host is specified.
        </p>

        <p>
            If <span class="hl-HelpArg">{host}</span> (short name <em>-h</em>) is specified, only items
            containing a reference to that domain or a subdomain thereof are
            cleared. Moreover, if either of <em>commandline</em> or
            <em>history</em> is specified, the invocation of the
            <em>:sanitize</em> command is naturally cleared as well.
        </p>

        <p style="clear: both;"><div style="clear: both;"></div><span class="hl-HelpNote">Note:</span> 
            This only applies to <em>commandline</em>, <em>cookies</em>,
            <em>history</em>, <em>marks</em>, <em>messages</em>,
            <em>options</em>, and <em>sitesettings</em>. All other
            domain-specific data is cleared only along with <em>host</em>,
            when a request is made to Firefox to purge all data for
            <span class="hl-HelpArg">{host}</span>. Included in this purge are all matching history
            entries, cookies, closed tabs, form data, and location bar
            entries.
        </p>
    </div><div style="clear: both;"></div></div>

<h2><div class="hl-HelpTags"><a id="cookie-settings" class="hl-HelpTag">cookie-settings</a></div>Cookie settings</h2>
<div class="hl-HelpItem"><div style="clear: right"></div><div class="hl-HelpTags"><a id=":cookies" class="hl-HelpTag">:cookies</a><a id=":ck" class="hl-HelpTag">:ck</a></div><div class="hl-HelpSpec">:cookies <span class="hl-HelpArg">{host}</span> <span class="hl-HelpOptionalArg">[action]</span> …</div><hr style="border: 0; height: 0; margin: 0; width: 100%; float: right;" /><div class="hl-HelpDescription">
        <p>
            Manage cookies for <span class="hl-HelpArg">{host}</span>. Additionally, the completion
            list will show you information about the cookies and
            permissions for the current page.
        </p>

        <p>Available actions:</p>

        <dl><column style="width: 12em"></column><column style=""></column><tr><dt>unset</dt><dd>Unset special permissions for <span class="hl-HelpArg">{host}</span></dd></tr><tr><dt>allow</dt><dd>Allow cookies from <span class="hl-HelpArg">{host}</span></dd></tr><tr><dt>deny</dt><dd>Deny cookies from <span class="hl-HelpArg">{host}</span></dd></tr><tr><dt>session</dt><dd>Allow cookies from <span class="hl-HelpArg">{host}</span> for the current session</dd></tr><tr><dt>list</dt><dd>List all cookies for <span class="hl-HelpArg">{host}</span></dd></tr><tr><dt>clear</dt><dd>Clear all cookies for <span class="hl-HelpArg">{host}</span></dd></tr><tr><dt>clear-persistent</dt><dd>Clear all persistent cookies for <span class="hl-HelpArg">{host}</span></dd></tr><tr><dt>clear-session</dt><dd>Clear all session cookies for <span class="hl-HelpArg">{host}</span></dd></tr></dl>

        <p>
            If no <span class="hl-HelpOptionalArg">[action]</span> is given, the value of <span class="hl-HelpOpt"><a style="color: inherit;" href="options.xhtml#%27cookies%27">'cookies'</a></span> is used.
        </p>

        <div class="hl-HelpExample"><span class="hl-HelpEx"><a href="map.xhtml#:map" style="color: inherit;">:map -b</a></span> <span class="hl-HelpKey"><a style="color: inherit;">c</a></span> <span class="hl-HelpEx"><a href="dactyl://help/privacy#:cookies" style="color: inherit;">:cookies</a></span> <span class="hl-HelpKey"><a style="color: inherit;">&lt;A-Tab&gt;</a></span></div>
    </div><div style="clear: both;"></div></div>

</body></html>