<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN"
          "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:dactyl="http://vimperator.org/namespaces/liberator" class="hl-Help"><head><link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="help.css" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"/><title>Pentadactyl Tutorial</title><script type="text/javascript" src="help.js"></script></head><body class="hl-HelpBody" document-tags=" tutorial modal getting-help living-mouseless keyboard-scrolling history-navigation tab-navigation hints-tutorial common-issues pentadactylrc quitting-without-menus whither-Firefox removal support "><div class="hl-HelpTags"><a id="tutorial.xml" class="hl-HelpTag">tutorial.xml</a></div>
<h1><div class="hl-HelpTags"><a id="tutorial" class="hl-HelpTag">tutorial</a></div>Quick-start tutorial</h1>

<p style="clear: both;"><div style="clear: both;"></div><span class="hl-HelpNote">Note:</span> 
    This is a quickstart tutorial to help new users get up and running
    in Pentadactyl. It is not intended as a full reference explaining all
    features.
</p>

<p>
    If you've started using Pentadactyl from scratch (i.e., without any
    customization), you should be looking at this help page in a relatively
    bare-looking window. The menubar, navigation bar, and bookmark bars are hidden.
    In case you missed the notice in the <span class="hl-HelpTopic"><a style="color: inherit;" href="intro.xhtml">intro</a></span>, you can
    regain these by issuing the command
</p>

<pre class="hl-HelpCode"><span style="display: inline-block;"><span class="hl-HelpEx"><a href="options.xhtml#:set" style="color: inherit;">:set</a></span> <a href="options.xhtml#%27go%27" topic="'go'"><span class="hl-HelpOpt" key="HelpOpt">go</span></a>+=<span class="hl-HelpString" delim="">mTB</span><span class="hl-HelpKey"><a style="color: inherit;" href="map.xhtml#%3CCR%3E">&lt;CR&gt;</a></span></span></pre>

<p>
    where <span class="hl-HelpKey"><a style="color: inherit;" href="map.xhtml#%3CCR%3E">&lt;CR&gt;</a></span> represents pressing the <span class="hl-HelpKey"><a style="color: inherit;">&lt;Enter&gt;</a></span>
    or <span class="hl-HelpKey"><a style="color: inherit;">&lt;Return&gt;</a></span> key. If you're a veteran Vim user, this
    may look familiar. It should.
</p>

<p>
    However, in this author's opinion, the best way to get familiar with
    Pentadactyl is to leave these disabled for now. (The above action can be
    reversed with <span style="display: inline-block;"><span class="hl-HelpEx"><a href="options.xhtml#:set" style="color: inherit;">:set</a></span> <a><span class="hl-HelpOpt" key="HelpOpt">go</span></a>&amp;</span><span class="hl-HelpKey"><a style="color: inherit;" href="map.xhtml#%3CCR%3E">&lt;CR&gt;</a></span>) You can look at the entry
    for <span class="hl-HelpOpt"><a style="color: inherit;" href="options.xhtml#%27guioptions%27">'guioptions'</a></span> in <span class="hl-HelpTopic"><a style="color: inherit;" href="options.xhtml">options</a></span> for more information on this.
</p>

<h2><div class="hl-HelpTags"><a id="modal" class="hl-HelpTag">modal</a></div>Pentadactyl's modal interface</h2>

<p>
    Pentadactyl's power, like Vim's, comes from its modal interface. Keys have
    different meanings depending on which mode the browser is in. Pentadactyl has
    several modes, but the 2 most important are <em>Normal</em> mode and
    <em>Command Line</em> mode.
</p>

<p>
    When Pentadactyl starts, it is in Normal mode by default. This is probably where
    you will spend the majority of your time.
</p>

<p>
    The other core mode of Pentadactyl, Command Line mode, can be entered from
    Normal mode by typing a <span class="hl-HelpKey"><a style="color: inherit;" href="cmdline.xhtml#:">:</a></span> (colon). You will frequently see Pentadactyl
    commands start with a <span class="hl-HelpKey"><a style="color: inherit;" href="cmdline.xhtml#:">:</a></span>, indicating that what follows is a command.
</p>

<p>
    To return to Normal mode from Command Line mode, type <span class="hl-HelpKey"><a style="color: inherit;" href="various.xhtml#%3CEsc%3E">&lt;Esc&gt;</a></span>. Pressing
    <span class="hl-HelpKey"><a style="color: inherit;" href="various.xhtml#%3CEsc%3E">&lt;Esc&gt;</a></span> will also return you to Normal mode from most other modes in
    Pentadactyl.
</p>

<h2><div class="hl-HelpTags"><a id="getting-help" class="hl-HelpTag">getting-help</a></div>Getting help</h2>

<p>
    Vim is a great editor but it's not much of a web browser. So even seasoned Vim
    users will probably have to look at Pentadactyl's documentation sooner or later.
    Most of the documentation for Pentadactyl's features are easily found using the
    <span class="hl-HelpEx"><a href="various.xhtml#:help" style="color: inherit;">:help</a></span> command. For example, you can find help on the <span class="hl-HelpEx"><a href="various.xhtml#:help" style="color: inherit;">:help</a></span> command
    by typing
</p>

<pre class="hl-HelpCode"><span class="hl-HelpEx"><a href="various.xhtml#:help" style="color: inherit;">:help :help<span class="hl-HelpKey"><a style="color: inherit;" href="map.xhtml#%3CCR%3E">&lt;CR&gt;</a></span></a></span></pre>

<p>
    Similarly, help on configurable options is available with
    <span class="hl-HelpEx"><a href="various.xhtml#:help" style="color: inherit;">:help '<span class="hl-HelpArg">{option_name}</span>'</a></span>. (Note the single quotes
    around the option name as in Vim.) Information on all available
    options is, predictably, <span class="hl-HelpEx"><a href="various.xhtml#:help" style="color: inherit;">:help options</a></span>.
</p>

<p>
    And you can find out about the <span class="hl-HelpKey"><a style="color: inherit;" href="tabs.xhtml#gt">gt</a></span> and <span class="hl-HelpKey"><a style="color: inherit;" href="tabs.xhtml#gT">gT</a></span> mapping with
</p>

<pre class="hl-HelpCode">
<span class="hl-HelpEx"><a href="various.xhtml#:help" style="color: inherit;">:help gt<span class="hl-HelpKey"><a style="color: inherit;" href="map.xhtml#%3CCR%3E">&lt;CR&gt;</a></span></a></span>
<span class="hl-HelpEx"><a href="various.xhtml#:help" style="color: inherit;">:help gT<span class="hl-HelpKey"><a style="color: inherit;" href="map.xhtml#%3CCR%3E">&lt;CR&gt;</a></span></a></span>
</pre>

<p>
    Finally, in addition to the help system itself, <span class="hl-HelpEx"><a href="various.xhtml#:listcommands" style="color: inherit;">:listcommands</a></span>,
    <span class="hl-HelpEx"><a href="various.xhtml#:listkeys" style="color: inherit;">:listkeys</a></span> and <span class="hl-HelpEx"><a href="various.xhtml#:listoptions" style="color: inherit;">:listoptions</a></span> are useful quick-reference
    commands.
</p>

<h2><div class="hl-HelpTags"><a id="living-mouseless" class="hl-HelpTag">living-mouseless</a></div>Mouseless</h2>

<em>– or how I learned to stop worrying and love the 80+ buttons I already have.</em>

<p>
    The efficiency of Pentadactyl, as with the legendary editor it was inspired by,
    relies on the user being able to keep his fingers on the keyboard where they
    can do the most good. While there are some areas where the mouse is clearly
    superior at, such as GUI design or some games, Pentadactyl acts on the
    assumption that a web browser doesn't have to be one of those.
</p>

<p>
    Here are some areas where the mouse is typically considered indisposable, and
    how Pentadactyl challenges this preconception.
</p>

<h2><div class="hl-HelpTags"><a id="keyboard-scrolling" class="hl-HelpTag">keyboard-scrolling</a></div>Scrolling</h2>

<p>
    Scrolling the browser window is done with simple keystrokes:
</p>

<dl><column style=""></column><column style=""></column><tr><dt><span class="hl-HelpKey"><a style="color: inherit;" href="buffer.xhtml#j">j</a></span>/<span class="hl-HelpKey"><a style="color: inherit;" href="buffer.xhtml#k">k</a></span></dt><dd>
        scroll window down/up by one line, respectively
    </dd></tr><tr><dt><span class="hl-HelpKey"><a style="color: inherit;" href="buffer.xhtml#h">h</a></span>/<span class="hl-HelpKey"><a style="color: inherit;" href="buffer.xhtml#l">l</a></span></dt><dd>
        scroll window left/right
    </dd></tr><tr><dt><span class="hl-HelpKey"><a style="color: inherit;" href="buffer.xhtml#%3CSpace%3E">&lt;Space&gt;</a></span>/<span class="hl-HelpKey"><a style="color: inherit;" href="buffer.xhtml#%3CC-b%3E">&lt;C-b&gt;</a></span></dt><dd>
        scroll down/up by one page
    </dd></tr><tr><dt><span class="hl-HelpKey"><a style="color: inherit;" href="buffer.xhtml#%3CC-d%3E">&lt;C-d&gt;</a></span>/<span class="hl-HelpKey"><a style="color: inherit;" href="buffer.xhtml#%3CC-u%3E">&lt;C-u&gt;</a></span></dt><dd>
        scroll down/up by 1/2 page
    </dd></tr></dl>

<p>
    Your standard buttons (<span class="hl-HelpKey"><a style="color: inherit;" href="buffer.xhtml#%3CUp%3E">&lt;Up&gt;</a></span>/<span class="hl-HelpKey"><a style="color: inherit;" href="buffer.xhtml#%3CDown%3E">&lt;Down&gt;</a></span>/<span class="hl-HelpKey"><a style="color: inherit;" href="buffer.xhtml#%3CPageUp%3E">&lt;PageUp&gt;</a></span>/<span class="hl-HelpKey"><a style="color: inherit;" href="buffer.xhtml#%3CPageDown%3E">&lt;PageDown&gt;</a></span>) will
    also work as expected.
</p>

<h2><div class="hl-HelpTags"><a id="history-navigation" class="hl-HelpTag">history-navigation</a><a id="tab-navigation" class="hl-HelpTag">tab-navigation</a></div>History and tabs</h2>

<p>
    History navigation (e.g., <em>Back</em>, <em>Forward</em>) are done similarly to
    scrolling.
</p>

<dl><column style=""></column><column style=""></column><tr><dt><span class="hl-HelpKey"><a style="color: inherit;" href="marks.xhtml#%3CC-o%3E">&lt;C-o&gt;</a></span>/<span class="hl-HelpKey"><a style="color: inherit;" href="marks.xhtml#%3CC-i%3E">&lt;C-i&gt;</a></span></dt><dd>
        move Back/Forward in the current window/tab's history, respectively
    </dd></tr></dl>

<p>
    Move between tabs using these keystrokes which may also be familiar to tabbing
    Vimmers.
</p>

<dl><column style=""></column><column style=""></column><tr><dt><span class="hl-HelpKey"><a style="color: inherit;" href="tabs.xhtml#gt">gt</a></span>/<span class="hl-HelpKey"><a style="color: inherit;" href="tabs.xhtml#%3CC-n%3E">&lt;C-n&gt;</a></span></dt><dd>
        go to the next tab
    </dd></tr><tr><dt><span class="hl-HelpKey"><a style="color: inherit;" href="tabs.xhtml#gT">gT</a></span>/<span class="hl-HelpKey"><a style="color: inherit;" href="tabs.xhtml#%3CC-p%3E">&lt;C-p&gt;</a></span></dt><dd>
        go to the previous tab
    </dd></tr><tr><dt><span class="hl-HelpKey"><a style="color: inherit;" href="tabs.xhtml#g0">g0</a></span>/<span class="hl-HelpKey"><a style="color: inherit;" href="tabs.xhtml#g$">g$</a></span></dt><dd>
        go to the first/last tab
    </dd></tr><tr><dt><span class="hl-HelpKey"><a style="color: inherit;" href="tabs.xhtml#d">d</a></span></dt><dd>
        close the active tab (delete the buffer)
    </dd></tr></dl>

<p>
    To open a web page in a new tab, use the <span class="hl-HelpEx"><a href="browsing.xhtml#:tabopen" style="color: inherit;">:tabopen <span class="hl-HelpArg">{url}</span></a></span>. To open a URL in
    the current tab, use <span class="hl-HelpEx"><a href="browsing.xhtml#:open" style="color: inherit;">:open</a></span>. The Normal mode mappings <span class="hl-HelpKey"><a style="color: inherit;" href="browsing.xhtml#t">t</a></span> and <span class="hl-HelpKey"><a style="color: inherit;" href="browsing.xhtml#o">o</a></span>,
    respectively, map to these commands, so the following pairs of sequences are
    equivalent:
</p>

<pre class="hl-HelpCode">
<span class="hl-HelpEx"><a href="browsing.xhtml#:open" style="color: inherit;">:open my.webmail.com<span class="hl-HelpKey"><a style="color: inherit;" href="map.xhtml#%3CCR%3E">&lt;CR&gt;</a></span></a></span>
<span class="hl-HelpKey"><a style="color: inherit;" href="browsing.xhtml#o">o</a></span>my.webmail.com<span class="hl-HelpKey"><a style="color: inherit;" href="map.xhtml#%3CCR%3E">&lt;CR&gt;</a></span>

<span class="hl-HelpEx"><a href="browsing.xhtml#:tabopen" style="color: inherit;">:tabopen google.com<span class="hl-HelpKey"><a style="color: inherit;" href="map.xhtml#%3CCR%3E">&lt;CR&gt;</a></span></a></span>
<span class="hl-HelpKey"><a style="color: inherit;" href="browsing.xhtml#t">t</a></span>google.com<span class="hl-HelpKey"><a style="color: inherit;" href="map.xhtml#%3CCR%3E">&lt;CR&gt;</a></span>
</pre>

<h2><div class="hl-HelpTags"><a id="hints-tutorial" class="hl-HelpTag">hints-tutorial</a></div>Some hints about surfing…</h2>

<p>
    So now you can navigate around in Pentadactyl. But wait… how do you <em>open</em> a
    page or tab linked in a web page? How do you <em>click</em> on all those links
    without your tailed friend?
</p>

<p>
    The answer is <em>hints</em>. Activating hints displays a number next to every link
    Pentadactyl can find. To follow the link, simply type the number corresponding
    to the hint.
</p>

<p>
    For text links, there's an additional shortcut; you can type some text
    contained in the link and Pentadactyl will search all the links it can find and
    only hint the matching links, further narrowing down the list. If the text you
    type uniquely identifies any given link, Pentadactyl will follow that link
    immediately without any further user input.
</p>

<p>
    Whichever way you choose to indicate your target link, once Pentadactyl has
    highlighted the link you want, simply hit <span class="hl-HelpKey"><a style="color: inherit;" href="map.xhtml#%3CCR%3E">&lt;CR&gt;</a></span> to open it.
</p>

<p>
    To activate Hints mode, press either <span class="hl-HelpKey"><a style="color: inherit;" href="hints.xhtml#f">f</a></span> or <span class="hl-HelpKey"><a style="color: inherit;" href="hints.xhtml#F">F</a></span>. The lower-case
    <span class="hl-HelpKey"><a style="color: inherit;" href="hints.xhtml#f">f</a></span> will open the resulting link in the current tab, while the
    upper-case <span class="hl-HelpKey"><a style="color: inherit;" href="hints.xhtml#F">F</a></span> will open it in a new tab.
</p>

<p>
    To test it, try this link: <a href="http://dactyl.sourceforge.net/pentadactyl" rel="external" topic="http://dactyl.sourceforge.net/pentadactyl">Pentadactyl Homepage</a>.
    Activate Hints mode with <span class="hl-HelpKey"><a style="color: inherit;" href="hints.xhtml#f">f</a></span> or <span class="hl-HelpKey"><a style="color: inherit;" href="hints.xhtml#F">F</a></span> to highlight all currently
    visible links. Then start typing the text of the link. The link should be
    uniquely identified soon, and Pentadactyl will open it. Once you're
    done, remember to use <span class="hl-HelpKey"><a style="color: inherit;" href="marks.xhtml#%3CC-o%3E">&lt;C-o&gt;</a></span> (<em>History Back</em>) or <span class="hl-HelpKey"><a style="color: inherit;" href="tabs.xhtml#d">d</a></span>
    (<em>Delete Buffer</em>) to return here, depending on which key you used to
    activate Hints mode.
</p>

<h2><div class="hl-HelpTags"><a id="common-issues" class="hl-HelpTag">common-issues</a></div>Common issues</h2>

<p>
    Say you get half-way done typing in a new URL, only to remember that you've
    already got that page open in the previous tab. Your command line might look
    something like this:
</p>

<pre class="hl-HelpCode"><span class="hl-HelpEx"><a href="browsing.xhtml#:open" style="color: inherit;">:open my.partial.url/fooba</a></span></pre>

<p>
    You can exit the command line and access the already loaded page with the
    following:
</p>

<pre class="hl-HelpCode"><span class="hl-HelpKey"><a style="color: inherit;" href="various.xhtml#%3CEsc%3E">&lt;Esc&gt;</a></span></pre>

<h2><div class="hl-HelpTags"><a id="pentadactylrc" class="hl-HelpTag">pentadactylrc</a></div>Saving for posterity—<tt>pentadactylrc</tt></h2>

<p>
    Once you get Pentadactyl set up with your desired options, maps, and commands,
    you'll probably want them to be available the next time you open Pentadactyl.
    Continuing the Vim theme, this is done with a <tt>pentadactylrc</tt> file.
</p>

<p>
    To save your current settings and allow them to be loaded automatically
    next time you start Pentadactyl, issue the <span class="hl-HelpEx"><a href="starting.xhtml#:mkp" style="color: inherit;">:mkp</a></span> command.
</p>

<p>
    This will create the file <em>$HOME/.pentadactylrc</em> containing your settings.
    It is a simple text file, just like a vimrc file and can be easily
    edited to suit your preferences.
</p>

<h2><div class="hl-HelpTags"><a id="quitting-without-menus" class="hl-HelpTag">quitting-without-menus</a></div>Find the exit nearest you</h2>

<p>
    Pentadactyl supports all of Vim's classic methods of exiting.
</p>

<dl><column style=""></column><column style=""></column><tr><dt><span class="hl-HelpEx"><a href="browsing.xhtml#:xall" style="color: inherit;">:xall</a></span></dt><dd>
        command to quit and save the current browsing session for next time; the default.
    </dd></tr><tr><dt><span class="hl-HelpEx"><a href="browsing.xhtml#:qall" style="color: inherit;">:qall</a></span></dt><dd>
        command to quit <em>without</em> saving the session
    </dd></tr><tr><dt><span class="hl-HelpKey"><a style="color: inherit;" href="browsing.xhtml#ZZ">ZZ</a></span></dt><dd>
        Normal mode mapping equivalent to <span class="hl-HelpEx"><a href="browsing.xhtml#:xall" style="color: inherit;">:xall</a></span>
    </dd></tr><tr><dt><span class="hl-HelpKey"><a style="color: inherit;" href="browsing.xhtml#ZQ">ZQ</a></span></dt><dd>
        Normal mode mapping equivalent to <span class="hl-HelpEx"><a href="browsing.xhtml#:qall" style="color: inherit;">:qall</a></span>
    </dd></tr></dl>

<h2><div class="hl-HelpTags"><a id="whither-Firefox" class="hl-HelpTag">whither-Firefox</a></div>Where did Firefox go?</h2>

<p>
    You might feel pretty disoriented now. Don't worry. This is still Firefox
    underneath. Here are some ways Pentadactyl allows Firefox to shine through. See
    the <span class="hl-HelpEx"><a href="various.xhtml#:help" style="color: inherit;">:help</a></span> for these commands and mappings for more information on how to
    make the best use of them.
</p>

<dl><column style=""></column><column style=""></column><tr><dt><span class="hl-HelpEx"><a href="gui.xhtml#:dialog" style="color: inherit;">:dialog</a></span></dt><dd>
        To access some of Firefox's many dialog windows, you can use the
        <span class="hl-HelpEx"><a href="gui.xhtml#:dialog" style="color: inherit;">:dialog</a></span> command. See <span class="hl-HelpEx"><a href="various.xhtml#:help" style="color: inherit;">:help :dialog</a></span>.
    </dd></tr><tr><dt><span class="hl-HelpEx"><a href="marks.xhtml#:bmarks" style="color: inherit;">:bmarks</a></span></dt><dd>
        Pentadactyl provides a new interface to bookmarks, but they're still your
        standard Firefox bookmarks under the hood. <span class="hl-HelpEx"><a href="marks.xhtml#:bmark" style="color: inherit;">:bmark</a></span> will add a new
        bookmark, while <span class="hl-HelpEx"><a href="marks.xhtml#:bmarks" style="color: inherit;">:bmarks</a></span> will list the bookmarks currently defined.
    </dd></tr><tr><dt><span class="hl-HelpEx"><a href="marks.xhtml#:history" style="color: inherit;">:history</a></span></dt><dd>
        It's exactly what it sounds like. This command will display a colorized,
        scrollable and clickable list of the locations in Pentadactyl's history.
    </dd></tr><tr><dt><span class="hl-HelpEx"><a href="gui.xhtml#:emenu" style="color: inherit;">:emenu</a></span></dt><dd>
        Access the Firefox menus through the Pentadactyl command line.
    </dd></tr></dl>

<p>
    Feel free to explore at this point. If you use the <span class="hl-HelpEx"><a href="browsing.xhtml#:tabopen" style="color: inherit;">:tabopen</a></span> command,
    remember to use the <span class="hl-HelpKey"><a style="color: inherit;" href="tabs.xhtml#gt">gt</a></span>/<span class="hl-HelpKey"><a style="color: inherit;" href="tabs.xhtml#gT">gT</a></span> mappings to get back to this page. If
    using the <span class="hl-HelpEx"><a href="browsing.xhtml#:open" style="color: inherit;">:open</a></span> command, use the history keys (e.g., <span class="hl-HelpKey"><a style="color: inherit;" href="marks.xhtml#H">H</a></span>) to return.
    If you get hopelessly lost, just type <span class="hl-HelpEx"><a href="various.xhtml#:help" style="color: inherit;">:help<span class="hl-HelpKey"><a style="color: inherit;" href="map.xhtml#%3CCR%3E">&lt;CR&gt;</a></span></a></span> and click the
    <em>Tutorial</em> link to return.
</p>



<h2><div class="hl-HelpTags"><a id="removal" class="hl-HelpTag">removal</a></div>Get me out of here!</h2>

<p>
    If you've given it a fair shot and determined … TODO
</p>

<p>
    The Pentadactyl way to do this is with the command <span class="hl-HelpEx"><a href="gui.xhtml#:addons" style="color: inherit;">:addons</a></span>. Issuing this
    command brings up the Firefox Add-ons dialog window; you can then remove it as
    normal, selecting Pentadactyl from the list and clicking (yes, clicking)
    <em>Uninstall</em>.
</p>

<p>
    Alternatively, you can do this the old-fashioned way: re-enable the menubar,
    as above, with <span style="display: inline-block;"><span class="hl-HelpEx"><a href="options.xhtml#:set" style="color: inherit;">:set</a></span> <a><span class="hl-HelpOpt" key="HelpOpt">go</span></a>+=m</span>, and select <em>Add-ons</em> from the <em>Tools</em> menu.
</p>

<h2><div class="hl-HelpTags"><a id="support" class="hl-HelpTag">support</a></div>I'm interested… but lost!</h2>

<p>
    Pentadactyl has an energetic and growing user base. If you've run into a problem
    that you can't seem to solve with Pentadactyl, or if you think you might have
    found a bug, please let us know! There is support available on the
    <a href="http://code.google.com/p/dactyl/w/list?q=label%3Aproject-pentadactyl" rel="external" topic="http://code.google.com/p/dactyl/w/list?q=label%3Aproject-pentadactyl">wiki</a>
    or in the <a href="irc://irc.oftc.net/pentadactyl" rel="external" topic="irc://irc.oftc.net/pentadactyl">#pentadactyl</a> IRC
    channel on <a href="http://oftc.net/" rel="external" topic="http://oftc.net/">OFTC</a>.
</p>

<p>
    If you have any feature requests or (even better) offers to help, we'd love to
    hear from you as well. Developers work on Pentadactyl whenever possible, but we
    are neither infinite nor omnipotent; please bear with us. If you can't wait for
    us to get around to it, rest assured patches are welcome! See the
    <a href="developer.xhtml" topic="developer">developer</a> page for more information.
</p>

</body></html>